编程练习-rpn计算器
programming exercise -rpn calculator

some of the best calculatiors in the world have an "RPN"(reverse polish notation)mode.
we would like you to write a command-line based RPN calculator.

requirements
the calculator has a stack that can contain real numbers.
the calculatoe waits fro user input and expects torecieve strings containing whitespace separated lists of numbers andoperators.

numbers are pushed on to the stack.Operators operate on numbers that are on the stack.
available operators are +,-,*,/,sqrt,undo,clear.

operators pop their parameters off the stack,and push their results back onto the stack.

the 'clear' operator removes all items from the stack.
the 'undo' operators undoes the previous operation."undo undo" will undo the previo us two operations.

sqrt performs a square root on the top item from the stack.

the +, -, *, /,operators perform addition,subtraction,multiplication and division respectively on the two items from the stack.

after processing an input string,the calculator displays the current contents of the stack as a space-separated list.

Numbers should be stored on the stack to at least 15 decimal places of precision.but displayed to 10 decimal places(or less if it causes no loss of precision).

all numbers should be formatted as plain decimal strings(ie.noengineering formatting).

if an operator cannot find a sufficient number of parameters on the stack,a warning is displayed:operator<operator>(position:<pos>):insufficient parameters.

after displaying the warning,all further processing of the string terminates and the current state of the stack is displayed.


deliverables
the solution submitted should include structure,source code,configuration and any tests or test code you deem necessary -no need

to package class files.
solve the problem in java or kotlin.
solve the problem as though it were"production level"code.
it is not required to provide any graphical interface.
in order to get around firewall issues we recommend the solution be packaged as a password proteced zip file or github repository link.

编程练习-rpn计算器
世界上一些最好的计算器有“RPN”（反向抛光记法）模式。
我们希望您编写一个基于命令行的RPN计算器。

要求
计算器有一个可以包含实数的堆栈。
计算器等待用户输入，并期望接收包含空格分隔的数字和运算符列表的字符串。
数字被推送到堆栈。运算符对堆栈上的数字进行操作。
可用的运算符有+、-、*、/、sqrt、undo、clear。
操作符从堆栈中弹出参数，并将结果推回到堆栈中。
“clear”操作符从堆栈中删除所有项。
“undo”操作符撤消上一个操作。“undo undo”将撤消前两个操作。
sqrt对堆栈的顶部项执行平方根运算。
+、-、*和/运算符分别对堆栈中的两个项目执行加法、减法、乘法和除法。
处理输入字符串后，计算器将堆栈的当前内容显示为空格分隔的列表。
数字应存储在堆栈中，精度至少为15位小数，但显示为10位小数（如果不会导致精度损失，则显示为10）。
所有数字都应格式化为纯十进制字符串（即工程格式）。
如果操作员在堆栈上找不到足够数量的参数，将显示警告：operator＜operator＞（位置：＜pos＞）：参数不足。
显示警告后，字符串的所有进一步处理都将终止，并显示堆栈的当前状态。

可交付成果
提交的解决方案应包括结构、源代码、配置以及您认为必要的任何测试或测试代码-无需
打包类文件。
用java或kotlin解决问题。
解决问题，就像它是“生产级”代码一样。
不需要提供任何图形界面。
为了解决防火墙问题，我们建议将解决方案打包为受密码保护的zip文件或github存储库链接。